docs: fix article "Add a Subnet" to guide the user to click Resource Name (#901)
devopness/devopness: docs/subnets/add-subnet.md

> 1. On Devopness, navigate to a project then select an environment

Reviewer: @dudunog could you please update the PR description linking the PR with the issue(s) it's closing?
For details, see [GitHub syntax for linking issues to PRs](https://docs.github.com/en/issues/tracking-your-work-with-issues/linking-a-pull-request-to-an-issue#linking-a-pull-request-to-an-issue-using-a-keyword#linking-a-pull-request-to-an-issue-using-a-keyword)

1. Find the `Networks` card
1. Click `View` in the `Networks` card, to see a list of existing `Networks`
1. In the list of networks find the network where you want to add a subnet and click the `NAME` of the network
1. On the upper-right corner of network details view, click `SUBNETS`
1. On the upper-right corner of subnets list, click `ADD SUBNET`
1. Click `NEXT`

> 1. Provide a name to the Network being added. Example: "Automate Net Subnet"

Reviewer: Perhaps give simpler examples for the subnet name?

```suggestion
1. Provide a name to the Subnet being added. Example: "Public Subnet A", "Private Subnet B"
```

Author: Great, fixed!

1. Select a `Type`
1. Click `NEXT`

> 1. Select a `ZONE` and click `NEXT`

Reviewer: Some fields in the `Add subnet` form are cloud provider specific.
For example: on `AWS` a `Zone` is required to create a subnet, whereas on `GCP` a `Zone` is not required but a `Region` is required to create a subnet.
In cases like this perhaps makes more sense to use a generic text such as 
```
Follow the prompts then click ...
```
as used in the docs for [Add a Network](https://www.devopness.com/docs/networks/add-network/)?

Author: Ok, fixed.
